TITLE: Review and Receive Gift Voucher | Online Marketing For Doctors
META: Explore our review and voucher offerings. Strengthen your medical practice reputation while offering patient value. Join us today!
URL: https://onlinemarketingfordoctors.com/review-and-voucher/
---
+61 2 9191 7388 Call Menu
### Review and Receive Gift Voucher
Dear Valued Client,
Thank you so much for working with us on this recent project.
We would deeply appreciate if you could leave us some feedbacks about our services for the past project. If you are happy with our services and would like to refer us to your contacts, that is even better because we have a special gift for you, please check it out!
- REVIEW ONLINE MARKETING FOR DOCTORS
- FACEBOOK ADVERTISING BUDGET
Option 1: Review us on Google (if you have Gmail account)
Step 1: Go to the OMD listing on Google Maps .
Then and scroll abit down and look at the left corner for a “Write a Review” button, please click on it. Step 2: Login your Gmail to leave your detailed review with the rating and click “Post”.
Thank you very much!
On behalf of Online Marketing For Doctors Team. Huyen Truong Search Marketing Director
Option 2: Review us on Facebook (if you don’t have Gmail account)
Step 1: If you don’t have Gmail but on Facebook, please leave your review by clicking on this link to our Facebook page .
Step 2: Click on “Recommend” button and leave your review.
Thank you very much!
On behalf of Online Marketing For Doctors Team. Huyen Truong Search Marketing Director
Option 3: Review us on LinkedIn
Step 1: You could leave a review on LinkedIn if you are on there, please add our Search Marketing Director – Huyen Truong to your connection first if you haven’t. Here is the link to her profile https://www.linkedin.com/in/huyentruong/ Step 2: Once you are in the connection, please visit her profile https://www.linkedin.com/in/huyentruong/ and click on “More” button and once you see the dropdown, please click on “Recommend” tab. Step 3: Select these options for “How do you know Huyen?” and “Position at the time. Step 4: Write your detailed review and hit “Send”
Thank you very much!
On behalf of Online Marketing For Doctors Team. Huyen Truong Search Marketing Director
In order to thank you for your recent project and your potential referral of our services (Web Design or SEO services) to your contacts. We are happy to give you $500 cash voucher or 01 month SEO or AdWords promotion which is worth $1500 if you want to invest it back to your business, when we are referred successfully to your contact.
Thank you very much and we look forward to assisting your contacts with any potential projects.
On behalf of Online Marketing For Doctors Team
Huyen Truong
Search Marketing Director