TITLE: About King Kong® - Who We Are & What We Stand For
META: King Kong® is a leading digital marketing agency with experience in consulting America's top brands. Call us today at 888-303-8580 ☎
URL: https://kingkong.co/about-us/
---
"These guys know their sh*t"
"Highly recommend"
"We had a 250% increase in leads"
It's About Damn Time You Showed Up
We’re trying to make growing businesses a whole lot easier, quicker, less stressful and more fun – for the millions of folks who run them every day.
+
Updated: 9th of September, 2026
Howdy.
It looks like you like reading.
Or stalking. Or maybe a little bit of both.
We have no idea how you got to this website.
(Thanks to the homies over Apple and their pixel-killing crusade on privacy)
Maybe you read about us online…
Maybe you saw one of our scandalous Facebook ads.
Or maybe a friend told you about us.
If so, they should be given a box of soft-in-the-middle cookies.
Or a foot rub.
Anyhoo.
Your arrival is long overdue.
And now that you’re here.
Let’s not beat around the bush.
You’re here, reading these pretty little words because you’re hungry to grow your business.
Not hear our life story.
So here’s the short version…
We got started in 2014 out of our Founder Sabri Suby ’s bedroom.
Since then, we’ve been kickin’ ass and taking names.
Here’s the stats:
💰 $10.2b in reported client revenue
🔑 1,184 different industries and niches.
⭐️ 5,000+ reviews (average of 4.7 stars)
💵 71 millionaires created
🤑 20x 8 figure clients created
🦍 Voted best place to work
😤 #17 fastest-growing company in Australia (ranked by the AFR)
🚀 #1 fastest-growing agency (ranked by the AFR)
The numbers don’t lie.
Go see for yourself.
And now, we’re on a crusade to take over the world.
But not in an evil way.
Alright, but enough about us.
We wanna know about you.
And…
That Begins With This Button
Our Offering
Hire us to do it for you
Agency
Managed and ‘done-for-you’ digital marketing services for mid-to-large companies looking to accelerate ‘hyper-growth’. And yes, we guarantee results and smell fantastic *wink*.
Get Started
4.6 stars out of 607 reviews
Learn how to do it yourself
Courses
Business growth training programs for companies serious about scaling their coaching, consulting or service business to seven and eight figures FAST (in months, not years).
Get Started
4.8 stars out of 6,917 reviews
Sorry, We Lied.
This isn’t really an about us page.
Because spending our time filling this page up with humble brags would be stupidly selfish.
So instead, we wanna make this page about YOU…
Listen, growing a business is hard.
We would liken it to, eating a mouthful of fire ants… while riding a motorbike blindfolded through the snow at 100km per hour, naked.
And that’s especially true when you approach it like most entrepreneurs do.
Through trial and error.
By ‘hoping and praying’.
By stumbling, and trying to figure it all out by themselves – for the very first time.
We call this “guesswork”.
Also known as hell.
It’s hot and muggy there.
And smells like cheese and feet.
And we’d rather rub scorpion chillies in our eyes than operate my business that way.
But like we said, this seriously isn’t about us.
Which ultimately, leads us to you…
You’re reading this right now because, in some way shape or form, your business isn’t where you want it to be.
Or maybe you’re already flying…and you simply want more.
More security.
More money.
More freedom.
More certainty.
More memories.
More time with your family.
More legroom.
More business class flights with your spouse to places that result in more sand between your toes.
Whatever it is for you…
Let us put this question to you…
What If You Just Hit This Button
CASE STUDIES
### Become our next
success story
Nimble
Transformation
Scotland
Titles
My Muscle
Chef
Rent
Buy It
Original UGG
Australia Classic
Aussie
Environmental
Electrolux
Professional
Moxie Pest
Control
AIV
Australian
Koala
Aquatic
Performance
Purple
Bricks
Green
Goo
Koikas
Acoustics
Pure Public
Relations
Marshall
White
Hurdleys
Office Furniture
Clearance
Solutions
Australia
The Massage
Chair Company
Let's Get
Care
Glenvill
Homes
Hit the damn button
Skepticism Aside
What If There's A Better Way...
What if you could remove the guesswork…
And end this nightmare.
What if you had a proven roadmap to get exactly where you wanna go?
Well, that’s the exact reason we created King Kong.
To solve this problem.
To murder it with a chainsaw.
You see, everything we do at King Kong is designed with a ruthless focus on results.
We’re not interested in “kumbaya” inspiration.
We’re not interested in sitting around, drinking herbal tea and circle-jerking over how many impressions or views we got.
We want you to succeed.
So you can take care of your loved ones.
So we can look good and get more clients.
So we can take care of our loved ones.
It’s a virtuous cycle. A positive network effect. A flywheel.
And It’s our way of making a difference in this batshit crazy world.
That means that every single strategy and tactic we deploy works.
Because we’ve tested it (and tested it again) in our own business.
And on hundreds of our client’s businesses, too.
Anyways, if that isn’t enough to ‘move’ you.
Nothing will know this…
If you keep doing what you are doing, you are going to keep getting what you are getting.
Period. End of story.
So…
Here's Some Food For Thought
Don’t Spend Your Weekends Worrying About Work Anymore...
Because life’s too short.
Look, you’re young (maybe you’re old) and a little birdie told us…
You’ve spent countless hours online scouring the darkest corners of the internet…
Reading the works of dozens of so-called “gurus”.
Downloading the latest ebooks, reading blogs, watching webinars, YouTube videos, doing courses…
Learning about…
SEO, meta-tags, keywords, Google analytics, Facebook ads, pixels, backlinks, opt-in pages, double opt-in lists, email sequences, remarketing and copywriting…
Tools to do this, tools to do that, files for this, pixels for that…
And then…
“Oh my gosh! I discovered another marketing guy who says…”
And on, and on, and on!
*sighs*
After all of this “education”, the hours and hours of effort, self-sacrifice, money invested, dedication, and tenacity….
Not to mention the never-ending employee issues and the everyday challenges of life.
This causes your head to be so full of so much mush…
That you feel like your only options are to give up, throw up, cry…or…
Chuck your MacBook out the window and scream!…
But, my question for you is this…
What If You Just Hit This Button
As Featured In
The Difference Between Hyper Growth And Slow Growth Companies Is...
The skill sets they have to make it happen.
And the number one skill that fast-growth companies possess is…
The ability to consistently and predictably get new customers…
From Monday to Sunday. January to December. 24/7, 365.
In other words, they have a “selling system” that gets ‘em customer’s like clockwork.
Because customer acquisition is the engine that propels a company forward.
It’s the grease on the wheels.
And It’s also the antidote…
To not having to worry.
To not have your hair go fifty shades of grey, from all the stress about where the money will come from.
And It’s what took us from being a one-man army, cold-calling strangers from a rented bedroom…
To building the #17 fastest-growing company in the country (across all industries) as ranked by The Australian Financial Review.
That’s what having a “selling system” can do for you.
It’s your ticket to freedom…
Your ticket to not having to worry about where your next customer will come from.
Your ticket to sleeping like a Siberian brown bear at night.
Your ticket to a better life.
And here’s the good bit…
We’ve developed a unique platform that gives you access to this ‘selling system’…
It’s unlike anything you’ve ever seen or heard about before.
And we’ve now used it in over 1184 different industries and niches…
To generate over $10.2 billion in sales (that’s billi with a B) for our clients.
Yep, we’ve cooked up the secret sauce for growing companies at breakneck speed.
And it all starts with our “platform”.
Hit The Damn Button Already
Battle-Tested
The Most Ruthlessly Effective Platform For Rapidly Scaling Businesses On Planet Earth
Our mission is to help you turn your unreliable, time-hungry vampire of a business into a semi-automated freedom machine . And we aren’t just in a league of our own, we are the league — and we want you in it.
Hit The Damn Button Already
Meet The Herd
A Gusto Group of Seasoned Digital Marketers
Brian Sebastian Head of Sales
Dave Ross Sales Training and Development Lead
Jess "The General" Delahunty General Manager
Cara Gammon Head of Delivery & Development
Kostan Ioannou Deputy Head of Digital Strategy
Sneha Mukherjee Business Systems Project Manager
Amanda James Head of Digital Growth Strategy
Sonya The Senior New Client Success Manager
Jean-Paul McAllan Facebook Ads Specialist
Scout Turner Senior Digital Growth Strategist
Julien Steckmann Senior Digital Growth Strategist
Sabri Suby Founder & Head of Growth
Luke Crawford Senior Web Developer
Reshan Jayamanne Senior Conversion & Sales Funnel Specialist
Shalini Suby CTO
Zeeshan Ahmed Web Designer
Monique O'Rafferty Community Manager
James Lee Shun Paid Search Specialist
Marcus Tee Videographer
Winston Lie Web Developer
Chelsea Dunwoodie Head of CRO
Tim Cafarella SEO Specialist
Robbie Carolan Web Developer
Prashant Gurung Senior SEO Specialist
Nick Denton Senior Email Marketing and Automation Specialist
Liz Pham Senior Paid Social Specialist
Elbranz Aliandheart SEO Specialist
Abraham Hooper Head of Content
Alex Nirenovic Web Developer
Andrew Li Digital Strategist
Georgie Hamilton Senior New Client Success Manager
Isaac Crawley Tribal Counsel
Jacob Kearnes Digital Strategist
Jasper Byard People & Culture Lead
Deepak Rajput Video Editor
Deoni Kladis Digital Growth Strategist
Gabe Olver Junior CRO Specialist
Jake McDougall Paid Social Specialist
John Callander Paid Search Specialist
Merlin Szypura Content Creator
Michael Griffin Head of Paid Social
Milla Munro Digital Growth Strategist
Nik Migale Web Project Manager
Ramey Darwish Digital Strategist
Will Molofaha Digital Strategist
Here's Some Gossip... Except It's Real
“The agency’s results-driven approach is very different to the one used by most marketing agencies. It is a scientific, numbers-driven way of winning business, which is giving King Kong an edge that other agencies may find difficult to compete with in the future.”
Woo Woo, Ra Ra And Hoopla Aside…
We’re just trying to make growing businesses a whole lot easier…
Quicker, less stressful and more fun – for the millions of folks who run them every day.
This is a movement that begins and ends with a community of renegades, demanding a better way.
One that extends its middle finger to traditional ad agencies…
And the conventional ways of growing a business, that are letting business owners down.
There are a lot of so-called “agencies” and “gurus” roaming around the wild wild west that is the web, today.
Most of these people are all bark, no bite. All waffle, no syrup.
‘Cause marketers lie, but numbers don’t.
And we’ve got $10.2 billion in reported client revenue, in 1184 different industries and niches.
We’re stone-cold killers.
And we go by all kinds of names…
Virtual vigilantes, mediocrity murderers, status quo slaughterers, freedom fighters.
But whatever you call us…
It is our hope to shrink the amount of time it takes, for you to go from first-time solo business operator…
To fire-breathing, market-terrorising entrepreneur…
But we really don’t wanna keep talking about ourselves.
In fact, we’d really like to be talking about you.
But, we can’t do that until you hit one of the many buttons you see on this page.
So, we’re gonna attempt to “impress” you just one last time.
Hit The Damn Button Already
WE GUARANTEE TO BEAT YOUR RESULTS BY 30% OR WE WORK FOR FREE.
This is for businesses already running profitable Google or Facebook ads. We’ll design a new funnel, write new ads, and optimise performance until we beat your existing conversion rate, CPL, or ROAS by 30% within 90 days or we work for free until we do. You cover ad spend. We control the creative. And the campaigns naturally need to be apples-to-apples comparable (same product, same season, etc).
We Literally Wrote The Book On…
How To Get As Many Clients, Customers And Sales As You Can Possibly Handle
Sell Like Crazy shot up from being ranked 90,000 on the day of release, to a #1 international Amazon bestseller in its first day. This book is easy to read and wastes no time in going straight for the jugular.
You get actionable strategies you can use RIGHT AWAY to dramatically grow sales for your business…in most cases, without spending a cent more on advertising.
Buy The Book
4.8 stars out of 6,917 reviews
“Since partnering with King Kong the results have been nothing short of outstanding. There are three simple words here and that is: Leads! Leads! Leads!” Domenic Varese, Marketing Manager, Metricon
Play
“From Cold-calling To 200 New Customers In 12 Months” Emma & Jim Elliott, Owners, Little Big Dairy
Play
“From $4 Million To $25,000,000+ In 18 Months” Michael Argent, Managing Director, Let's Get Care
Play
“Our Pipeline Got Completely Flooded Overnight” Wade Tink, Managing Director, Project Everest
Play
“From $0 To $18 Million In 18 Months (During A Recession)” New Sensation Homes, Danny Coyne, New Sensation Homes
Play
“Working With King Kong Has Transformed Our Whole Lives. The Growth That We've Experienced Has Been Astronomical.” Marco Maisano, CEO & Founder, NSR Australia & NZ
Play
“Initially I was worried about where my first job was coming from. After using King Kong I was more worried about how I was going to manage the job. My business has increased 200%, so I got my return on investment 10-20 times over.” Ged, Owner, Ged's Mobile Car Cleaning
Play
“Since starting work with King Kong 9 months ago our sales have tripled and we've expanded into 3 other states. These guys are amazing!” Raphael Bender, Founder, Breathe Education
Play
“We’ve Increased Our Revenue By 35-40% By Working With King Kong” Colin Battersby, Principal, Discover Stradbroke
Play
“After 18 Months, We’ve Got A 49% Increase In Leads. I’d Never Go Back To Not Using King Kong.” Beth Hourigan, Director, Aged Care Financial Services
Play
"From $3 Million To $50 Million In 12 Months With King Kong” Dylan Trickey, Marketing Coordinator
Play
“The goal was to get 8 sales in the first year. It’s been 11 months now and we’ve had 23 sales. Which is $7 million in revenue. The money I spent with King Kong I’ve seen a return on investment of five to six times.” Lee Selkrig, Founder, Enso Homes
Play
“We've Doubled In Staff Numbers” Selma Christofi, Original UGG Australia Classic
Play
“We've Increased Our Revenue By 50 Percent” Adam Hurdley, Managing Director, Hurdleys Office Furniture
Play
From 3 Weeks Of Jobs To 6 Months Booked In Advance Tye Spierings, Owner & Director, Ultimate Windows
Play
“Generated 95 to 100 Closed Jobs” Rohan Fisher, Director, Fisher Roofing
Play
“Since We've Started Working With King Kong We've Generated Over 2 Million Dollars” Eva Hussein, Founder & Director, Polaron
Play
Domenic Varese
Emma & Jim Elliott
Michael Argent
Wade Tink
New Sensation Homes
Marco Maisano
Ged
Raphael Bender
Colin Battersby
Beth Hourigan
Dylan Trickey
Lee Selkrig
Selma Christofi
Adam Hurdley
Tye Spierings
Rohan Fisher
Eva Hussein
I guess what we’re trying to say is that you should hit the damn button
Hit the damn button