TITLE: Terms & Conditions: Privacy Policy - King Kong
URL: https://kingkong.co/privacy-policy/
---
1-888-303-8580
### King Kong Privacy Policy
We Treat Your Privacy Seriously. All personal information is treated as strictly confidential to King Kong and its affiliates. It will never be sold or bartered or otherwise transferred to a 3rd party, without your express permission.
This section details what information King Kong collects, why it is collected and how that information may be used.
Collection Of Information. In order to utilise some aspects of this website, King Kong may require you to provide a certain amount of information. This includes information required to create an ID (such as your name and email address) and preference information (likes/dislikes), as well as information about your business activities (as provided by you). We use this information to provide you with a service or a better online experience.
In order to better understand how our customers use this site, we also collect and analyse aggregate information about our site users. This includes, but is not limited, to such things as what time of day they visit the site, what browser they use and what pages they visit. No personal or other information that may be used to identify you is included in this analysis.
King Kong logs all activity and maintains audit trails of usage of this site. We use this information in the detection and prevention of fraud and other malicious activities.
King Kong will not send a “spam” or unsolicited email or SMS, nor will King Kong provide your details to a third party, unless you have given us permission to do so.
Use Of Your Information. The personal information collected is used for the purposes for which you have provided it, and might be further used for statutory or other legitimate purposes only. As an example, if you make use of our service contact form on our website, we will use the information you provided in the first place to respond to your service request. We might further use that information to improve the quality of our customer service process.
Lawfulness of the processing is one of the main principles relating to the processing of your personal information – we apply the following legal processing grounds:
- processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, or in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract;
- processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests – for example, to improve the quality of our products and Services;
- processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or that is otherwise lawful under the applicable data protection laws;
- with your given consent.
Depending on how you interact with us and the Service, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
- Administering our relationship with you and our business , such as providing and managing your access to and use of our Services. This processing is necessary for the performance of a contract;
- Improving our Services and developing new products , such as inviting you to participate in surveys or to personalize your experience with our Services. This processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests;
- Marketing , such as providing you with marketing or advertising communications that we think you may be interested in. This processing is with your given consent or for our legitimate interests;
- Recruiting , such as assessing job applicants. This processing is in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract or with your given consent;
- Providing online communities , such as making chat rooms, forums, message boards, or news groups available to you. This processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interests. Please remember that any information disclosed in these forums is public. We encourage you to exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these forums, as this information is made available to other users. Do not disclose information in these public forums that might be considered confidential or proprietary or that you do not wish to be publicly available or that you are prohibited from disclosing.
- Other general business support purposes , including but not limited to procurement, financial and fiscal management, risk and compliance management, and external reporting. This processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or that is otherwise lawful under the applicable data protection laws or for our legitimate interests.
Keeping Your Information. Your personal information will be processed to the extent necessary for the performance of our obligations, and for the time necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information is collected, in accordance with our data retention policies and the applicable data protection laws. When we no longer need your personal information, we will take all reasonable steps to remove it from our systems and records or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it.
Protection of Your Information. We have put in place an internal framework of policies and minimum standards across our business to keep your data safe. In addition, we limit access to personal information by our employees, business partners, service providers and third-party service providers to a ‘need-to-know’ basis. More specifically and in accordance with the law, we take appropriate technical and organisational measures (policies and procedures, IT security and others) to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of your personal information and the way it is processed.
Electronic and Telephonic Communications. When you register your interest, download a free report, call us, or complete an online query in any way on this website we will retain this information in order to respond to your query and communicate with you. This includes the use of automated technology. You can update this information at any time or opt out of receiving any further marketing communications. If you become a customer of King Kong we will need to continue to contact you for development, progress or performance related matters. You consent to this communication as an active customer of our business.
If you access the King Kong Corporation Pty Ltd website (as defined under our Terms of Use ), you agree to be bound by the conditions contained in this legal message and further agree that the Courts of Victoria, Australia shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute arising from this legal message.
When you visit our website(s) or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on our website(s). You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
When you contact us regarding our Services, your communication with us may be recorded for training and quality purposes. Your communication with us shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings.
Web Browser Cookies. Our website may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. Your web browser may place cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the Website may not function properly.
Complaints about Breach of Privacy. If you have any concerns about the way your personal information is managed and used by us, or are concerned that relevant Privacy Legislation or this Privacy Policy has been breached, please contact King Kong immediately.
Mobile Messaging & Data Sharing – USA. Where you have opted in to receive marketing or promotional SMS messages from King Kong, message frequency may vary and message and data rates may apply. You may opt out at any time by replying STOP to any SMS message. Mobile phone numbers, SMS opt-in data and consent information will not be sold, rented or shared with third parties or affiliates for their own marketing or promotional purposes. We may disclose this information to service providers where reasonably necessary to facilitate the delivery of our SMS communications or as otherwise required by law.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
King Kong Corporation Pty Ltd
www.kingkong.com.au
Level 1/12 River Street
South Yarra VIC 3141
1300 858 250
The Privacy Policy was last updated on 25 August 2026.